hey guys on here from chrome effects
films here and I just wanted to cover a
really quick thing in this video so
recently I've been getting a lot of
comments or I've actually just seen a
lot of comments on a lot of indie games
that people will be making a unity there
a lot of new developers out there and a
lot of the time people try to come up
with excuses of why they can't make a
game and sometimes or most of the time
it's because i don't i don't have the
coding skills or I don't have the models
I need I can't get a modeler you don't
need a program and you don't need all
these all these 3d models or need to be
a talented modeler to make a game and
you probably know the asesoría is if
you're familiar with unity at all they
have thousands of free models and
scripts that you can use and I decided
that I want to make a quick example
scene for you guys just to show you what
you can do with just using unity acids
and just using what others have already
provided for free so what I want you to
get out of this is that you don't need a
whole team to make a game you can do it
by yourself you it's okay to use other
people's asses if they put it up on the
asus or for free and that's they made it
for you to use it so use that to your
advantage because you can save a lot of
time and you'll still have an awesome
product at the end so check out this
example scene
so I hope you liked it guys that again
that was just a very quick scene I mean
that in just a few hours using some of
the the code that I found online and a
whole bunch of models on the asset store
and I mean I did make a few tweaks to
the script to enable the interactive
crawling and everything like that but it
wasn't that that hard and I even made an
interactive cutscene tutorial so if you
guys wanted to know how to do that just
just check that out so I really hope
that this has opened up your mind a
little bit about some of the
possibilities that you can do so I thank
you for watching and I'll see you guys
next time
you